README.md, before:

# Design for your Home — Landing Page (v1)

A clean, conversion-focused landing page for an interior design studio.

This project is intentionally simple: semantic HTML, modern CSS, and minimal vanilla JavaScript to support usability and conversion — no frameworks.

## Features

- Single-page layout (hero, services, about, gallery, contact)
- Responsive design (mobile-first)
- Sticky header with primary CTA
- CTA reinforcement on scroll (subtle, JS-assisted)
- Contact form with simulated submit feedback
- Design tokens (CSS variables) for spacing, color, and radius

## Tech Stack

- HTML5 (semantic)
- CSS3 (custom properties, grid, responsive utilities)
- Vanilla JavaScript (no dependencies)

## Project Structure

```
index.html
assets/
  css/
    style.css
  js/
    main.js
  images/
```

## Local Development

Open `index.html` directly in your browser  
or use a local server (recommended):

```bash
npx serve
```

## Case Study (Short)

### Problem

The client needed a clean, modern landing page for an interior design studio that clearly communicates trust, services, and encourages visitors to get in touch — without heavy frameworks or complex setup.

### Solution

I designed and built a single-page, conversion-focused landing page using semantic HTML, modern CSS, and minimal vanilla JavaScript.  
Key decisions included:

- Strong hero section with clear value proposition
- Sticky header with primary CTA for constant visibility
- Clear service hierarchy and readable content width
- Lightweight JavaScript for navigation, scroll feedback, and form UX

### Outcome

The result is a fast-loading, responsive landing page that works across devices, is easy to maintain, and is ready for real client use or further expansion.

🔗 **Live demo:** Coming soon (Vercel deployment)

Commit message:

feat: upgrade UI with services grid, testimonials, and lightbox gallery

README.md, after:

# Design for your Home — Professional Interior Design Portfolio

A high-fidelity, conversion-focused landing page for an interior design studio. This version upgrades the initial layout with enhanced UI/UX elements, interactive galleries, and social proof.

This project is intentionally lightweight: built with semantic HTML, modern CSS, and vanilla JavaScript to ensure maximum performance and accessibility — no frameworks required.

## Features

- **Dynamic Service Grid**: A modern 2x2 card layout with custom iconography for better scannability.
- **Enhanced Gallery Interaction**: Integrated Lightbox functionality allowing users to view project images in high resolution.
- **Social Proof Integration**: Dedicated testimonial section to build visitor trust and authority.
- **Dynamic UX**: Smooth scroll-reveal animations and a sticky navigation bar with a primary CTA.
- **Mobile-First Design**: Fully responsive architecture optimized for all screen sizes.
- **Simulated Lead Generation**: Functional contact form with real-time submission feedback.

## Tech Stack

- **HTML5**: Semantic structure for SEO and accessibility.
- **CSS3**: Custom properties (CSS variables), Flexbox, and Grid.
- **Vanilla JavaScript**: Intersection Observer API for animations and custom Lightbox logic.

## Project Structure

```
index.html
assets/
  css/
    style.css
  js/
    main.js
  images/
```

## Local Development

Open `index.html` directly in your browser  
or use a local server (recommended):

```bash
npx serve
```

## Case Study (Short)

### Problem

The studio needed to move beyond a simple "digital brochure" to a commercial portfolio that demonstrates quality, professionalism, and ease of contact without the overhead of heavy frameworks.

### Solution

I implemented a series of UI/UX enhancements focused on engagement:

- Visual Hierarchy: Organized services into interactive cards to reduce cognitive load.
- Engagement: Added a Lightbox to the gallery, acknowledging that interior design clients prioritize visual detail.
- Motion Design: Utilized scroll-triggered animations to create a premium, "alive" feel.
- Trust: Inserted client testimonials to provide immediate social proof.

### Outcome

A fast-loading, professional-grade portfolio that successfully balances aesthetics with functionality. The site is fully responsive, easy to maintain, and ready for deployment.

🔗 **Live demo:** Coming soon (Vercel deployment)
